Medium Terms of Service

Medium
We’ll try to make this as painless as possible.

This is a contract between you and The Obvious Corporation, applicable when you use the Medium site, services, and products.

Even if your eyes normally glaze over at the word “Terms”, it’s a good idea to read these Terms carefully before you use Medium. For one thing, we want your feedback and suggestions on how to make them better. (For real: Email your input to terms@medium.com.) For another, we’ve worked to make them as easy-to-understand as possible.

These Terms Are a Binding Agreement
By using Medium Services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you shouldn’t use Medium Services – in fact, unless you agree, we can’t even permit you to use them. Yes, we’re that hardcore about our precious Terms.

We May Modify the Terms and Agreement
We have the right to change this Agreement at any time by posting a revised Agreement. Changes may become effective as soon as they are posted. If we in our sole discretion determine that the changes are material, we will notify you via the Medium site or email to the email address we have on file. Your use of Medium Services after the posting of a revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the revised Agreement.

Privacy
When you use Medium Services, you consent to the collection and use of information as detailed in our Privacy Policy. If you are outside the United States, you consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information, including but not limited to User Content and any other personal information, to and in the United States and/or other countries.

What We Mean When We Say...
To keep from having to type long lawyerly word chains over and over, these Terms use some short-hand expressions. So when we say:

“Site”, we mean medium.com;
“Medium Services”, we mean medium.com along with all the other domains, products, applications, services, and content provided by The Obvious Corporation under the Medium brand name;
“Agreement”, we mean these Terms of Service, a.k.a. the document you are eyeballing right now;
“Medium”, “we”, or “us”, we mean The Obvious Corporation, a Delaware corporation, collectively with its agents, consultants, employees, officers, and directors;
“User” or “you”, we mean you, whether you are a person or acting on behalf of an entity you are authorized to bind;
“Content”, we mean any creative expression including video, audio, photographs, images, illustrations, animations, logos, tools, written posts, replies, and comments, information, data, text, software, scripts, executable files, graphics, and interactive features, any of which may be generated, provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through Medium Services; and
“User Content”, we mean all Content that is posted or otherwise provided or transferred to Medium Services by a user, including you.
“User Comments” means any comments, recommends, feedback, likes, or other Content posted by Users that is not included in the body of a Medium post.
Who Can Use Our Services
Medium is only for adults and teenagers. If you’re under 13, if you are a competing business, or if you are a robot, sorry but you’re not allowed here.

We Can Change Our Services
We may change any aspect of the service we want, or even stop it, at any time without giving you notice. We can also terminate or restrict access to it at any time, in our sole discretion. Termination of your access to and use of Medium Services shall not relieve you of any obligations arising or accruing before the termination.

Things We Forbid
Here are things we forbid here unless we have given you written permission after you ask us and make a full disclosure to us of your intentions. By using Medium, you promise not to do the things we tell you not to do. If you break your promise, you’ll make us angry.

Don’t probe, scan, or test our systems or networks. Don’t break or circumvent any technologies we have put in place for security or authentication. This includes well-intentioned testing for vulnerabilities; please contact us first if you want to help us do that.
Don’t attempt to access or search Medium Services by means other than Medium’s currently available, published interfaces, pursuant to our terms and conditions. Other modes of access or search are OK only if we have specifically allowed it in a separate agreement.
Don’t attack or burden our Services or systems in a way that makes it harder for other users to use our Services or for us to operate our Services.
Don’t scrape Medium Services or Content from Medium Services.
Don’t use the Services to send false information of any kind, whether in human language or machine language.
Don’t violate the intellectual property or personal privacy rights of others, don’t cause harm to others, and don’t violate any criminal laws in any country where Medium has its physical location.
Account and Authorization Services
We may require you to utilize a third-party account and authorization service, such as Twitter, in order to use our services. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel service if we find that you are using someone else’s authorization credentials. By using a third party authorization service, you are agreeing to that third party’s terms of use, privacy policy, and any other agreement between you and the third party.

Ownership and Licensing of Intellectual Property
You retain ownership of all copyrights and any other intellectual property rights in your User Content. Medium (and/or other third parties) retains ownership of intellectual property rights in all Content other than User Content.

By furnishing your User Content to Medium, you give Medium a non-exclusive worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, transferable license to utilize all copyright rights now in existence or that may arise in the future with respect to your User Content, in any medium that now exists or may arise in the future, as well as to do anything else that is reasonably appropriate to our Service and its use of your User Content (including, but not limited to, use of your name in association with your User Content to identify you as the contributor). The license has no restriction as to the medium, dissemination method, type of Service we may offer, or the type of systems or products that may be used in conjunction with your User Content.

This license shall remain in effect for so long as your User Content is available on Medium. You are free to remove or delete your User Content at any time, in which case this license shall terminate after a commercially reasonable period of time, except for User Comments (defined above), the license to which is perpetual and irrevocable. You understand and agree, however, that Medium may retain, but not display or distribute, server copies of your User Content.

You represent that you have all of the necessary rights to grant this license to Medium for all User Content you submit.

Medium grants you a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, and non-transferable license to download, store, view, display, perform, redistribute, and create derivative works of Content solely in connection with your use of, and in accordance with the Terms of, Medium Services.

Obey the Rules
You agree that you won’t post User Content that violates, or otherwise use your Account in ways that violate, the Medium Rules. You also agree that, if you are in a country subject to any economic embargo by the United States, or if you are a “Specially Designated National,” you will not engage in any commercial activity on, through, or with Medium.

Deleting Your User Content
When you delete particular items of your User Content from Medium Services, we will make reasonable efforts to make it inaccessible and to cease use of it. However, we have to point out, and you understand and agree, that there may be a delay because of operational requirements.

INTERLUDE
You’re doing great, Dear Reader of these Terms. Let’s rest a moment, shall we? You’ve earned it. So far, so good, right? Everything pretty clear? Well, don’t get too comfortable. Now’s the time to activate the full Galactic Armada of your vocabulary comprehension and ALL CAPS READING SKILLS. What follows are several sections of heavily lawyered-up provisions that we would love to express in a more human-readable, less legal manner. But their form and substance has evolved over time, often via brutal, hand-to-hand litigation or not-to-be-ignored authoritative rulings from courts and interpretations by agencies. This gives us little flexibility in the wording, at least if we want to avoid being laughed out of court in some Doomsday scenario that neither of us even wants to think about. So these following provisions are important, you should read them carefully, and we apologize for the excruciating lawyerly patois.

Warranty Disclaimer; Services Available on an "AS-IS" Basis
Your access to and use of Medium Services or any Content is at your own risk. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT MEDIUM SERVICES ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MEDIUM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

Medium makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to Medium Services. Medium also makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to Content; User Content, in particular, is provided by and is solely the responsibility of, the Users providing that Content.

Limitation of Liability
YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER MEDIUM NOR ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, AND/OR DISTRIBUTORS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR: (A) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (B) LOSS OF: PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES; (C) DAMAGES RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE MEDIUM SERVICES; (D) DAMAGES RELATING TO ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER USING MEDIUM SERVICES ; AND/OR (E) DAMAGES IN ANY MANNER RELATING TO ANY CONTENT. THIS LIMITATION APPLIES TO ALL CLAIMS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT MEDIUM HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, AND FURTHER EVEN IF AND WHEN A REMEDY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT HAS FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF MEDIUM AND ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, CONSULTANTS, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, AND/OR DISTRIBUTORS, FOR ANY CLAIM UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, OR FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF FIFTY DOLLARS (US$50.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE APPLICABLE SERVICE(S).

SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AS SET FORTH ABOVE, SO THE LIMITATIONS ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Legal Disputes
You and Medium agree that we will resolve any claim or controversy at law or equity that arises out of this Agreement or Medium Services in accordance with this Section or as you and Medium otherwise agree in writing. Before resorting to litigation, we strongly encourage you to contact us directly to seek a resolution.

Choice of Law for Legal Disputes: This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply in any way to these Terms or to the transactions contemplated by these Terms.

Where a Lawsuit Must Occur: The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any action to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights will be the state and federal courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California. You and we both waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in those courts.

Waiver of Jury Trial and Class Action: You acknowledge and agree that you and we each waive the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding against the other.

Binding Agreement to Arbitrate with Limited Exceptions: You and we each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms shall be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights.

Waiver of Class Action Arbitration: Unless both you and we otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If the previous sentence is held to be unenforceable, then the remaining paragraphs of this Section on Legal Disputes relating to arbitration are void.

Arbitration Rules: The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes then in effect, except as modified by this dispute resolution section. (The AAA Rules are available here.) The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.

Arbitration Process: A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration and a separate form for California residents.) The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.

Arbitration Location and Procedure: Unless you and we otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county, city or municipality where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and we submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration.

Arbitrator’s Decision: The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. We will not seek, and hereby waive all rights we may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if we prevail in arbitration.

Arbitration Fees: Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, we will pay reasonable filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).

Changes: If we change this dispute resolution section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by emailing us at [terms@medium.com] within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Modified” date above. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and us in accordance with the provisions of this dispute resolution section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

Miscellaneous Lawyerly Provisions
This Agreement, as modified from time to time, constitutes the entire agreement between you and Medium in connection with Medium Services. This Agreement replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding the subject matter hereof and constitutes the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties.

The failure of either party to exercise any right under this Agreement in any way shall not be constitute or be deemed a waiver of any rights under the Agreement.If a court should determine any aspect or part of this Agreement to be unenforceable or invalid, that this Agreement shall be construed to omit or limit that aspect or part to the minimum extent necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Agreement and to maintain the maximum scope of this Agreement in full force and effect.

You may not make any assignments or sublicenses with respect to this Agreement without first obtaining Medium’s written consent.

Medium may assign this Agreement or Medium’s rights under this Agreement in whole or in part at any time without your consent. You and Medium have no agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship; you do not have authority of any kind to bind Medium in any manner; and no relationship arises other than that of provider (Medium) and customer (you) as a consequence of your use of Medium Services or of this Agreement.

Any notice to Medium under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be effective upon receipt, when delivered in person by nationally recognized overnight courier or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail to The Obvious Corporation, 800 Market Street, Suite 800, San Francisco CA 94102.

DMCA Copyright Policy
Medium deals with copyright infringement on Medium Services in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. We have a policy of terminating repeat copyright infringers in appropriate circumstances. For information on the DMCA, you may look here http://www.citmedialaw.org/legal-guide/copyright-claims-based-user-content or here http://chillingeffects.org/dmca512/faq.cgi .

The contact information for Medium’s Designated Agent for receipt of notices of claimed infringement is here:

The Obvious Corporation
760 Market Street, Suite 300
San Francisco, CA 94103
Attn: Copyright Agent
Fax: +1-415-508-5007
Email: copyright@medium.com

The End.
